kyrene clean up
hey do you feel like going out to the
island hate us and walk are all wrapped
up in their ball game
not today sorry
do you remember those voice used to hang
out with us Riku yeah I wonder whatever
happened I sure missin he's far away but
I know we'll see him again sure of
course me well and the other boy what
other boy the one who was just Riku in
me all the time we played together on
that island his voice always used to be
there but now it's gone I can't think of
his face or his name I feel awful about
it so I told myself I'm not going to the
island until I remember everything about
him are you sure you didn't make him up
mom in there
you
who are you and that's not my name I'm
Kyrie
you
whoo please a name I'm Roxas okay Roxas
but can you tell me his name you don't
remember my name thanks a lot Kyrie huh
okay i guess i can give you a hand
starts with an S
are you okay
you
Kyrie
what's now a letter I wrote it yesterday
to the boy I can't remember I said that
no matter where he is I'll find him one
day and when I stopped writing I
remembered we made a promise something
important miss Letta is where it starts
I know it wow I hope he gets it he will
starts with an S right Sora